added video resource about teachable machines from @dale_on_ai (#3)
soneji/awesome-teaching: README.md

## Machine Learning

> - [Teachable Machines Official Website](https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/) - The official site for google's teachable machines learning model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Teachable Machines Official Website](https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/) - Train a computer to recognize your own images, sounds, & poses. A fast, easy way to create machine learning models for your sites, apps, and more – no expertise or coding required.
```
